Guys, welcome.
Okay.
Now we're going to have to test which one is going to say need an account and the other is going to
say sign up.
Okay.
Now, both widgets are going to be displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
Okay.
Now, what you can do is after this code, see that we can give a to Collazo.
Then after the split widgets between left to right, that is horizontally now going to be using the
widget node as row.
Okay.
So now what we can do is we can say row this rule as well, kind of take in multiple widgets it as the
to do it.
Okay.
Now the first test they're going to have.
Is going to need.
Accounts.
Need an account?
Okay.
There's a question mark because we are asking the user.
Okay, great.
Now, with a hard commercial where they escort you and associate.
Now.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Now you're going to take this to the states horizontally.
And to do that, they're going to be using the main Atlas alignment.
The main office alignment is going to work differently for the resources.
This is the horizontal flop.
Okay.
So they're going to set a main axis on that main axis alignment or center.
It is going to take it to the center horizontally.
That is from left to right, from left to right.
Okay, great.
Now as well, what we can do is we can give this tie is going to be test tie.
We can give a font size of 34 to make it very big.
Okay, then what we can do.
So we can also give a font with the designated font with.
That part.
Okay.
You're trying to come here.
This controversy to.
Okay.
I think this is too big.
First of all, this should be a count.
You can just make this point to.
Okay.
Like I said, this is so much pushed to the top.
What we can do is.
Over here.
We're going to give this face.
Theoretically.
Right.
So there's going to be size.
Looks as though this is going to be vertically.
So it is going to be height of probably 820 as well.
Okay.
Grip.
We can just finally leave this out.
Probably it's.
Okay.
Now we're gonna have to order a test kit.
So first of all, you're going to give a critical mass that is going to be a test.
So in the test field.
But the test that is the test, which is.
Okay, so what you can say is sign up.
Okay.
As we are going to do this time because this is a test cartridges, but for the sake of mustering,
I don't like doing that.
So this test study.
Okay, as we're going to give you a font suite is going to be fonts wait for tweets that bode that's
what I'm going to give you a full size to make this bigger as though it is going to give it a ten.
Okay, ADHD comma and go check it out.
Like I said, it's very close.
Now, what you can afford is we can give you size books.
Okay.
So this is the first test we get.
And this is the second test we get.
And there are birds in a roll with it.
So which makes it displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
Okay.
Now, this is the first test we get and this is the second test we get.
So at the middle, we can use is size books as well as books.
And we're going to be given this space horizontally right now, you can see.
But we're going to give this space or totally between this need and account on the sign up.
Right.
Okay.
So this is going to be with.
Because given the space, obviously that's left or right, there's going to be a bit of you can just
give a rate of ten.
If it's not okay, we can also change it.
Okay.
Great.
Now what we can do is we can make this site all clickable.
So to do that.
Okay.
Over this test we are going to highlight.
First, they were going to use control and dots.
They can see with that of the type.
So what you can do is we're going to click on what we did.
And this is going to be a type of inkwell.
We can also use a gesture detector button.
Okay.
So what you can just do is to seal it up there.
Yes.
Leave this empty.
Okay, good.
Great.
Now you can see.
This is now clickable.
Okay.
Now what you're going to do is.
First of all, you are going to create a new screen and you're going to call the screen register on
the score screen.
Okay.
Then what you're going to do for me is you're going to create two fields.
That is for the user name, probably the user name.
The name and.
Passwords.
So users are going to be able to register.
So that is going to be your assignment.
So what you're going to do now is, first of all, create a new screen in the heart folder for any reason.
If you didn't create in that article, you can also, I guess, move it there.
Okay.
So now you're going to create a new script called Register or Discourse, Create or Dot.
Then as well, you're going to use a stateless widget for this.
Then what they're going to do is you're going to create two fields, that is for the user name, the
email and the password.
So try to do that yourself.
Then lastly as well, you're going to create the.
Register button.
Okay.
So try to implement this with the knowledge you've gained over the section.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.